Privacy Sandbox Office Hours blog post (#2617)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/privacy-sandbox-office-hours-1/index.md

---
layout: 'layouts/blog-post.njk'

> title: "Join Privacy Sandbox Developer Office Hours #1: How Chrome's Origin Trials Work"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Join Privacy Sandbox developer office hours #1: understand Chrome Origin Trials

```

authors:
  - mariahhart
description: >

>   The Google Chrome team will host developer office hours, where developers who are testing and integrating the Privacy Sandbox technologies can ask questions of Chrome tech leads. The first sessions will be dedicated to origin trials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Join the Google Chrome team in our Privacy Sandbox office hours, where developers testing and integrating the Privacy Sandbox technologies can ask questions of Chrome tech leads.
```

date: 2022-04-18
hero: image/YLflGBAPWecgtKJLqCJHSzHqe2J2/chmSoJfgOfptuBMorI3U.jpg

> alt: An office space with desks and chairs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: An office space with desks and chairs.
```

tags:
  - privacy
  - origin-trials
---

The Google Chrome team will host developer office hours, where developers who
are testing and integrating the Privacy Sandbox technologies can ask questions
of Chrome tech leads. 

The first sessions will be dedicated to [origin trials](/blog/origin-trials/):

> how trials work and how developers can test new features. Office hours will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how they work and how developers can test new features. Office hours will be
```

offered in multiple time zones and languages.

> **Session A - Chrome Developer Office Hours (AMER & EMEA friendly in English)**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Available sessions

### Session A: AMER and EMEA-friendly time, in English
```

* April 20th at 7:00 am PT
* April 20th at 10:00 am ET

> **Session B - Chrome Developer Office Hours (APAC friendly in English)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Session B: APAC-friendly time, in English
```

* April 27th at 6:30 pm PT
* April 27th at 9:30 pm ET
* April 28th at 9:30 am SST (Singapore Standard Time)

> **Session C - Chrome Developer Office Hours (APAC friendly in Japanese)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Session C: APAC-friendly time, in Japanese
```

* April 27th at 5:00 pm PT
* April 27th at 8:00 pm ET
* April 28th at 9:00 am JST (Japan Standard Time)

> To best prepare for the developer office hours, read the following articles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prepare for office hours

To best prepare for the developer office hours, read the following articles:
```

* [Getting started with Chrome's origin
  trials](http://developer.chrome.com/blog/origin-trials)
* [What are third-party origin
  trials?](http://developer.chrome.com/blog/third-party-origin-trials)
* [Troubleshooting Chrome's origin
  trials](http://developer.chrome.com/blog/origin-trial-troubleshooting)

> No registration is required. Find [details of how to attend the office hours
> here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14GNexALd7dLBJe-MdLFuAjiZI3EhfNvk8zTs5Ct6nnM/edit#).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No registration is required. You can access the [Google Meet joining links and dial-in
information](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14GNexALd7dLBJe-MdLFuAjiZI3EhfNvk8zTs5Ct6nnM/edit?usp=sharing).
```

> Please feel free to jump in and ask questions. We are looking forward to your
> attendance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We look forward to your attendance, and we encourage you to jump in and
ask questions.
```

We look forward to your attendance, and we encourage you to jump in and
ask questions.

> _Photo by [Matt Hoffman](https://unsplash.com/@__matthoffman__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Feature image by [Matt Hoffman](https://unsplash.com/@__matthoffman__)
```

> Photo by [Matt
> Hoffman](https://unsplash.com/@__matthoffman__?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)
> on
> [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/office-hours?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Photo by [Matt Hoffman](https://unsplash.com/@__matthoffman__)
on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)._
```

---
layout: 'layouts/blog-post.njk'
title: 'Join Privacy Sandbox developer office hours #1: learn about Chrome Origin Trials'
authors:
  - mariahhart
description: >
  Join the Google Chrome team in our Privacy Sandbox office hours, where developers testing and integrating the Privacy Sandbox technologies can ask questions of Chrome tech leads.
date: 2022-04-18
hero: image/YLflGBAPWecgtKJLqCJHSzHqe2J2/chmSoJfgOfptuBMorI3U.jpg
alt: An office space with desks and chairs.
tags:
  - privacy
  - origin-trials
---

> The Google Chrome team will host developer office hours, where developers who
> are testing and integrating the Privacy Sandbox technologies can ask questions
> of Chrome tech leads. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Google Chrome team will be hosting office hours, where developers who
are testing and integrating the Privacy Sandbox technologies can ask questions
directly of Chrome leads. Access the [Google Meet joining links and dial-in
information](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14GNexALd7dLBJe-MdLFuAjiZI3EhfNvk8zTs5Ct6nnM/edit?usp=sharing).
```

---
layout: 'layouts/blog-post.njk'
title: 'Join Privacy Sandbox developer office hours #1: learn about Chrome Origin Trials'
authors:
  - mariahhart
description: >
  Join the Google Chrome team in our Privacy Sandbox office hours, where developers testing and integrating the Privacy Sandbox technologies can ask questions of Chrome tech leads.
date: 2022-04-18
hero: image/YLflGBAPWecgtKJLqCJHSzHqe2J2/chmSoJfgOfptuBMorI3U.jpg
alt: An office space with desks and chairs.
tags:
  - privacy
  - origin-trials
---

The Google Chrome team will be hosting office hours, where developers who
are testing and integrating the Privacy Sandbox technologies can ask questions
directly of Chrome leads. Access the [Google Meet joining links and dial-in
information](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14GNexALd7dLBJe-MdLFuAjiZI3EhfNvk8zTs5Ct6nnM/edit?usp=sharing).

The first sessions will be dedicated to [origin trials](/blog/origin-trials/):
how they work and how developers can test new features. Office hours will be
offered in multiple time zones and languages.

> ## Available Chrome developer office hours

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Available office hours

Our first session is this week, followed by additional sessions next week.
Find a time that's best for you.
```

authors:
  - mariahhart
description: >
  Join the Google Chrome team in our Privacy Sandbox office hours, where developers testing and integrating the Privacy Sandbox technologies can ask questions of Chrome tech leads.
date: 2022-04-18
hero: image/YLflGBAPWecgtKJLqCJHSzHqe2J2/chmSoJfgOfptuBMorI3U.jpg
alt: An office space with desks and chairs.
tags:
  - privacy
  - origin-trials
---

The Google Chrome team will be hosting office hours, where developers who
are testing and integrating the Privacy Sandbox technologies can ask questions
directly of Chrome leads. Access the [Google Meet joining links and dial-in
information](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14GNexALd7dLBJe-MdLFuAjiZI3EhfNvk8zTs5Ct6nnM/edit?usp=sharing).

The first sessions will be dedicated to [origin trials](/blog/origin-trials/):
how they work and how developers can test new features. Office hours will be
offered in multiple time zones and languages.

## Available office hours

Our first session is this week, followed by additional sessions next week.
Find a time that's best for you.

### Session A: AMER and EMEA-friendly time, in English
* April 20th at 7:00 am PT
* April 20th at 10:00 am ET

> ### Session B: APAC-friendly time, in English
> * April 27th at 6:30 pm PT
> * April 27th at 9:30 pm ET
> * April 28th at 9:30 am SST (Singapore Standard Time)
> 
> ### Session C: APAC-friendly time, in Japanese
> * April 27th at 5:00 pm PT
> * April 27th at 8:00 pm ET
> * April 28th at 9:00 am JST (Japan Standard Time)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Session B: APAC-friendly time, in Japanese
* April 27th at 5:00 pm PT
* April 27th at 8:00 pm ET
* April 28th at 9:00 am JST (Japan Standard Time)

### Session C: APAC-friendly time, in English
* April 27th at 6:30 pm PT
* April 27th at 9:30 pm ET
* April 28th at 9:30 am SST (Singapore Standard Time)
```

Reviewer: Swapping B and C, to keep earlier sessions first
